# Nanofactory


## Chapter 1 - Burgled

Malachi Fuller stood in the middle of his living room swilling a large, almost empty, tumbler of vodka around in his hand, looking at the aftermath of every possession he owned discarded, thrown, upturned, smashed and trodden on. He had been burgled. In those minutes between opening the door - lock still intact - stepping into the hallway and pouring a drink, he had been analytically eyeing the debris and making assumptions. Assumptions of the intruder; their objective, numbers, known or unknown to Malachi, the time frame, what was taken, what was left, and why. A puzzle was made of his life and the pieces were not going to fit back together easily. The glass of a large vodka gave him something to cling to whilst he stared at the wall where his painting should have been; not a Picasso original from 1909, but more precious than that: one of his own. It was painted at a retreat in Nagoya, Japan, several years earlier and a picture that earned him a spot on the prestigious Oak Dew honorary roll for that year. The prize being the offer to return again and teach others the ways of creativity and expression - one which he dully turned down and received equal amount of praise for that selfless act and earned a Charisma ribbon for excellence. Many before him had battled with their left brain right brain, tried and failed to achieve what Malachi did with ease, the reward, the prized ribbon, still sat in the drawer, boxed and bound ironically in yet another ribbon, fashioned from the offcuts from costumes, ragged and chopped by the fingers of 7-8 year olds making their first stage presence at the school play to mark their final year before middle school begins after the summer. The ribbon, never got pinned, and it wasn't stolen, either - he had checked. Malachi sat down on the sofa and flopped his arm out over the back of it, spun the remainder of the vodka around in the glass, drank it and threw the empty tumbler at the wall to the right with his left hand. He winced at the noise it made and knew it would be picked up on the home sensors. His insurance company rang.

"Janice," said Malachi. Janice worked for Chilly Bears Insurance Services and had been in Malachi's life for the last seven years. They knew each other well, however, what she knew of Malachi was based on fact, and of Janice, Malachi largely made everything up. Janice had access to all his life movements, purchases, possessions, auditory, visual, and documented data readily available through their computer systems, he was one of a dozen thousand people who regarded her as the only woman in their life. Malachi's memory appeared to be degrading quickly everyday; not the result of a medical condition, but due the passing of time and the accuracy of Janice's data parsing. 

"Hello, Mr Fuller. Just a curtsey call as we tried to contact you earlier however, you were unavailable to take the call. We wanted to speak to you about the painting in the living room; it is no longer appearing on our system. Are you making some home adjustments? As you know we have many packages available to you which could ease that process."

"No. No I'm not. Can you tell me where it is?" Fuller thumbed through some mail piled on a side table. 

Janice immediately placed a marker in his time line, and without hesitation continued "Sure. It's in the hallway on the floor - you must have seen it on the way in...? Malachi muted the call, dropped the junk mail he was thumbing through and went out into the hallway. On the floor was the NFC chip from the picture. He hit mute again. 

"Is everything OK, Mr Fuller? Our system showed that you muted the call for a moment there. Did you need to sneeze? We do have a package that can assist in early detection for 99% of known illnesses," said Janice. Malachi was still considering his response. "You haven't had another break in have you?" 

"No it's fine, it was hidden behind some canvases," lied Malachi. 

"I just need to remind you, Mr Fuller, that it is a requirement of your policy to notify us of any changes in your interior, so we can be sure to offer you the correct level of protection...." Malachi hung up the call and checked the door lock, then the windows in the ground floor: all were intact and working well. The caged gerbil in the dining room was sat on its bottom in the corner rubbing its belly, washing. The gerbil was a gift from a lodger that over-stayed, underpaid and left in a hurry. That was over a year ago and no-one has joined the house since then. Malachi leaves the house every day at 9 am and returns again at 1 pm, leaves again at 2 pm and returns again at 5 pm. On sunny days he can often be found at drop-in clinics for the mentally unstable, sitting in the aisles reading, writing, or in a meditative state listening to music. The residents assume he's on a treatment list and don't bother him; the staff bumble around tending to the patients and occasionally they may ask him how he is, if he's being seen, and the answer is always just a smile and a nod. Each day of the week he'll visit a different venue and keep the routine and now it's become a day job of sorts. Wednesdays were different, it was a visit to Balton House for a one-on-one therapy meeting with Dr Ellen Morgan, so said the point of sale banner, so said the leaflet, so said the phone message, so said the sign on the building, so said the receptionist. However, it was nothing of the sort, the one-on-one was one-to-many. The numbers were up to eight now, and Malachi had been attending since number two. The first attendee and longest standing member was Ashton, as tall and thin and as upstanding as the name suggests, the second was Olivia, the third was Malachi. Before the others it was just four of them in a room and it stayed that way for months and months. Slowly, word got around that it was somewhere for the disillusioned. The numbers grew, no-one left, everyone had their owns ideas of what the group should be, no-one was able to agree what it was, however, everyone knew what it wasn't: a one-to-one therapy meeting. 

Malachi couldn't face looking upstairs. There was nothing personal up there anyway. Clothing was just standard garments easily replaced, he needed company, he needed a hair cut, and there was only one place to go. 

## Chapter 2 - Benny's Cut and Louis' Vision

Benny's was a dive, and a short hop away on the tram. Within a snooze he was awake by the vibration on his watch and payment was taken from his account, with a tiny MIDI *ding* from his pocket. The appeal was evident from as soon as the first centimetre of door was unhooked from it's locking barrel - the bell rattled and the scent of hair wax and shaving cream, flashed him back to his watching his father at the sink as a boy, gracefully wafting the blade up and down the skin as a window cleaner would run his blade over the glass. He heard a woman's voice accompanied by an acoustic guitar, rush out the doorway as he stepped inside and Benny, looked across from the chair he was cutting. 

"Hey, I just saw a scruffy gent walk across my window and I thought, standards are slipping around here, what's a man doing looking such a mess out in public, and then here you are," Benny went back to his cut and winked in the mirror at the kid in the seat. 

"All the good places were booked up, so I came to the last place on earth," Malachi shut the door behind him and left the winter air outside where it belonged. No-one else was in the shop, just the faces of a few classy magazines with superstars and celebrities on the covers. 

"... at least the last place on earth, doesn't turn you away, like everyone else, hey?" Again, Benny winked at the kid, and the kid just stared out at himself, and said nothing. 

Malachi held up a magazine cover, "You're still attracting high-brow clientèle, I see." 

"You should have seen it earlier," Benny worked his way around the top of the kids ear at speed whilst the kid held his breath and watched the scissors as a patient under local anaesthetic would the knife of a surgeon. "A queue of men filled those seats, each to their own, of course, but there wasn't a magazine to be seen in the box. Something for everyone, I'm telling you. It was a great idea." 

Malachi tossed the photoshopped model onto the faux leather chairs and watched Benny's fat fingers delicately shape the boys mop into something with a military fit. 

"I got robbed, again," Malachi sat back in his chair and thought about the other times. It was into the teens now, he'd lost count, if only Chilly Bears weren't keeping count it would have been easier to forget. Number nineteen, they were keeping score on a leader-board somewhere, he was sure of it. It wasn't even a stress on his life, there was nothing else left. Everything was logged, chipped, recorded and replaced. The premium went up a nudge each time, it went back down again, another break-in, and the whole cycle repeats. It took about five times before the routine settled in, precious goods were gone, the only things left were those that could easily be placed. Now it's a matter of routine for the thieves. The possessions don't even matter any more if the street value isn't even enough to buy a ticket to the next town. Burglaries must be such a disappointment, once it was considered one of the oldest professions in the world, up there with prostitution, but now, the career prospects are much lower. 

"It's only been a week since the last one, wasn't it?" Benny had finished around the ears and was busy on the neck line, the boy rattled his phone around under the cape and flicked his eyes back at the mirror each time Malachi caught him looking straight at him. He looked familiar, a son of a friend, possibly. People out of context are difficult to place, Malachi thought. He was also sat, caped, and reflected; no way to really connect the memories; no way to place him in a conversation; no way to really marry up the features, even, maybe when the cut was finished Malachi would recognise the frame, and voice. 

"Less," said Malachi, he looked out of the window and followed the edge of the buildings where they met the skyline. He watched a few Aeroplanes cut across the view and pause before lowering themselves down behind the trees of the park. Occasionally the elevators linking each building would catch the sun and glint like a star shooting across the night sky. This time the break-in wasn't a waste, something precious had gone missing: his painting. 

"Ahh, you'll be back up and running by the time you're done here," said Benny. "Nothing to take, right?" 
Malachi pondered whether to tell Benny as he brushed the neck of the kid and took off the cape. The boy stood and turned away from Malachi whilst he paid up at the till and only took a quick glance at the man sat on the faux leather seats fixated on his eyes. His hand pulled the lever open, and Malachi realised who he was. 

"Next time, Louis," said Benny. 

"Louis! Louis Fuller," the door had already closed and the tinkle of the little tin bell above the frame settled back down before Malachi could even stand. Malachi ran up to the door, opened it and stood scanning the street expecting the boy to be stood outside waiting for his father, but he was no-where to be seen, and it was futile to search. The hyperloop had whisked him away and forty five seconds from now he could be half-way to anywhere on the planet. Benny put his hand on his shoulder. 

"You didn't know? How could you not know? He was sitting there for five minutes?" 

"Is he regular? Have you seen him here before?" Malachi held his breath for the answer. 

"No. I've never seen him before. He just walked right in before you and his credit needed reinstating, which I authorised, but the transaction is gone now, I can't pull it back out of the system." Benny swept his hands up over his forehead and rested them here at the top, waiting for an idea which didn't come. 


## Chapter 3 - Balton House

At the next meeting Malachi was distracted. Lately he'd felt unease at the gatherings, a similar unease one has when noticing a supermarket security guard is paying slightly more attention to the isle your standing in than all the others, despite complete innocence, there's a breath held as one walks through the barriers uncertain if, by some bizarre happen-chance that a product should have found it's way, unwittingly, into ones pockets; that moment, that feeling sat with Malachi, through the evenings commute through the streets against the flow of people going home, the personal space of everyone working in unison to prevent anyone out of kilt with the routine to struggle in the opposite direction. This bustle, this force of clock-in clock-out momentum, pressed on Malachi's chest just as a doctor would attempt to resuscitate a dying man, every street corner would become another wave of people, another thump of the chest; looking for a pulse in the form of a side street, to which Malachi could slip out into and feel like a white blood cell in a vein of reds, slipping out through a slit in the artery which would eventually be found by the masses and flood into another vein, another street, of the city. Malachi reached the door of Balton House and pressed the buzzer, after a moment, knowing his retinas were being scanned, the door latch slid across and he pushed through. The hallway was warm and deadened the street outside, a weight lifted from his chest, the air smelt of that familiar cedar joss-stick and burnt-wood scent, he took a deep breath and dropped his coat on the hook at the foot of the stairs and began a slow walk up. There were voices upstairs, he paused: it was Dr Morgan with another female, their voices were short and direct as if trying to withhold an escalation of disagreement. He'd never heard the Dr speak in this way before. She was a calm woman, divorced, yet happy, and not looking for any replacements. Despite being pressed on her emotional well-being, she wouldn't buckle, she has her story etched on slate and sealed; it was inked on lambskin and mounted on the wall: *I am happy*. No matter how many times it was mentioned, a little moss would grow on the bricks of her wall and tinge it ever-so-slightly with doubt. She was rehearsing, she was reinforcing a state of mind she wanted and Malachi would tease it out, play around a little with her words and stop just before things go too much. This evening, Dr Morgan was not talking to herself. Malachi looked back at the door and figured  that it might not have been the Dr who let him in; one of the other workers in the building could have given him access. Malachi waited on the turn of steps and listened to the conversation two flights higher. 

"You're being ridiculous," said the Dr. "My clients have all sign a contract and a waiver, they know exactly what they're getting into and it's nothing of the sort you claiming." 

"We have on record," said the woman. Her voice sounded squeezed like a tube of toothpaste in a smart trouser suit with several pleats making the bottoms a lot harder to get into than they did before the take-out meal for one. "Dorothy Pritchard; you may know her as, Dotty, and we know you because she was able to share a lot of information about what you do here. You're walking a very thin line, Morgan."

"Walking," seized the Dr. "Walking, am I? Then I have done no wrong. As long as I'm walking, there is nothing for you to worry about. My clients... " 

"Why do you refer to them as clients?" said the woman. Her voice lowered in volume and fell out with a breath which said she had something. "They are not your clients, they are your patients, or have you forgotten your training?" Dr Morgan took as step back and felt the table edge against her behind and decided this would be as good a place as any to sit, which she did. 

"My 'patients' know full well who they are, and what they are, and I'm not here to stick them in a box just so some anonymous body of people can tick a box, and choose when and what is good for *my* clients. " Dr Morgan's voice gathered momentum, despite the woman trying to cut her short. The Dr hadn't finished...